Because AppsFlyer is a software solution, successfully selling our platform
does not immediately expand a customer's underlying cloud compute spend
on day one. Professional Insight: Assuming an Amazon Account Manager
will automatically support your deal out of goodwill is a
critical logical flaw. Their behavior is strictly governed by their
quota targets. If your solution does not demonstrably drive their
specific growth goals, you will not receive their advocacy. You
must actively and aggressively sell our distinct value proposition directly
to them, explicitly proving that prioritizing our solution actively drives
their specific, individual growth goals.